welcome to the man of recaps this is
only the Punisher story from daredevil
season 2 the Irish mob is having a
meeting and you know they're the Irish
mob because they've got lots of potato
and corned beef and then the case
they're like with fist gun and the other
gangs we're gonna rule the city now oh
we're shot Oh what someone's shooting
off the entire mob getting all of it and
boom what a bloodbath
there's one Irish survivor he tracks
down Nelson and Murdock to try to get
legal protection and this one survivors
like yeah it was just one guy who's this
one guy it's the Punisher so he goes to
kill the Irish survivor and he's
shooting at him and Karen and they got
away in the car but he's ready to stop
him but just then BOOM daredevil comes
in they have a little fight and they're
going toe-to-toe but then Punisher pulls
a gun he's like yeah I use guns bang
shoots him in the head I know it just
grazed him though he's okay Irish guys
making a deal they wanted to wear a wire
for a meeting but turns out they're just
using him as bait
because District Attorney Reyes wants
the Punisher sure enough the Punisher
shows up what daredevil shows up again
they have a fight round two and the
Punisher wins this time he ties
daredevil up on the roof and we finally
get to see him Oh what up it's Shane
from walking dead he's like look
daredevil you might not kill bad guys
but I do so deal with it then he blows
up the bikes of the dogs of hell he's
gonna let them all out and shoot them
but daredevil breaks free and they have
a fight again
he knocks about this time but the dogs
of hell are coming up and they're pissed
so it's time for another one take
hallway fight scene yeah daredevil kick
it but this one spills down into the
staircase he fights his way all the way
down and he makes it out now the big
Irish boss is back in town and he's very
displeased with how things are going
he sends everyone out to full-on track
the Punisher and they find his apartment
but he's gone because he's living in a
van down by the river they do track him
to the carousel park by the way and
they're like we're taking you in he
shoots a bunch of him but they tase him
so they bring them in and they're like
look tell us where our money is there
I'm gonna drill your dog he's like what
that's crazy it's in my van down by the
river
so they find it but then it's bombed it
explodes all the money in those guys he
breaks free and he's like I let myself
get captured because I want to kill all
of you daredevil comes in to help and
they fight for a bit together but then
he's like no no killing Punisher is
pretty beat up though so he brings him
to a cemetery where the cops come he's
like I got the Punisher for you I'm just
gonna head on out of here and so the day
is saved
no Karen's digging for info on the
Punisher she goes to this reporter and
they look around turns out he was a nice
war hero with the good family that got
shot up in some gangland violence and it
looks like there's a big cover-up Nelson
and Murdock decide to take the Punisher
case because they want to get to the
truth but da Reyes isn't happy
that she wanted him to go away as fast
as possible The Punisher trial is
happening since Matt's been otherwise
occupied foggy has to take point he's
doing a pretty good job but Matt shows
up for the last day of trial but he
hears this cop whisper something in the
Punisher and the Punisher throws the
case he's like I'm a killer
I love killing lock me up so they do and
the first thing they do is take him to
see Wilson Fisk
when Fisk first got to prison this other
guy's like hey I'm in charge here but
this starts building his own gang and he
sees an opportunity with the Punisher he
brings him in and he's like look turns
out that other boss guy it was part of
the drug deal where your family got
killed and so Punisher is like point me
Adam so Punisher goes in to grab the guy
and the guy explains how yeah he was
part of the big drug deal between the
three gangs and this other heroin dealer
called the blacksmith but the whole
thing it was a sting operation set up by
the DA's office
so Punisher kills him and he goes back
but the guards don't let him out instead
they open all the other gates Fisk is
like yeah thanks for taking him out I
own the prison now and I'm gonna let you
die so you know what that means it's
time for another hallway fight yeah
they're fighting and because the
Punisher doesn't mind killing this one
gets a lot more brutal than the others
and at the end the partner she takes out
all those guys cuz he's just a beast
Fisk is like wow you're really good at
killing I'm gonna let you out so you
kill all the rival gangs while I'm stuck
in here Punisher is like that was soon
as you get out I'm gonna kill you too
and Fisk's like yeah seems fair so after
being in jail for one day Punisher is
back on the streets with the Punisher
out of prison the DA is scared she
admits to how it was a sting operation
and when his family the civilians got
killed she tried to cover it up for her
political career but now boom she shot
oh they died out of there just in time
foggy gets hit in the arm and DA Reyes
is dead Punisher goes to Karen he's like
I didn't do it and to prove it has
someone else start shooting at him he
saves her life they go to this diner
he's like oh by the way I'm using you as
bait go hide in the back cuz guys are
coming when they come he goes I'll play
blam blam they're like hey who's framed
me they're like it's that heroin dealer
the blacksmith and they tell him he's
down by the docks
Punisher gets there first he's gonna
shoot the blacksmith but daredevil shows
up again like no no killing these two
are destined to be best frenemies but
then some more guys show up and they
shoot up the whole boat and boom
explosion oh it sure looks like the
Punisher is dead somewhere along the
line by the way Karen accidentally
became a reporter she's writing an
article on the Punisher so she goes to
see one of his old Marine commanders but
she realizes that he is the real
blacksmith he's like oh you found out my
secret I gotta kill you but as they're
driving into the woods a truck crashes
into him it's The Punisher he survives
and he's here to save her and get
revenge she's like wait no don't kill
him though he's like why does everyone
keep saying that I'm definitely just
gonna kill him so daredevil goes after
Nobu but then boom his ninjas get shot
by the Punisher he's like yeah what's up
bro
I told you we'd be best friends I got
your back The Punisher goes and grabs
this mysterious CD in the hopes that
he's cool enough he'll get his own
spin-off someday we'll find out more in
season 1 of The Punisher
[Music]